reviewer suggestions (#92)
arfc/pride: publications/abstracts/reservoir-computing-abs/methodology.tex

Figure \ref{fig:gridsearch}. This search determined the optimal combination of
spectral radius ($\rho$) and noise injection (for regularization of reservoir
neurons), shown in Figure \ref{fig:gridsearch}, following the recommendations

> from \cite{lukosevicius_practical_2012}. By inspecting Figure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
from \cite{lukosevicius_practical_2012}. Figure
```

> \ref{fig:gridsearch} it appears that there may be multiple combinations of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\ref{fig:gridsearch} shows that there may be multiple combinations of
```
